kidcade-project-invention-campaign-2014
=======================================

intro:my name is ronnie lewis, i reside in the crestview,florida. my project idea is a very unique imagination,the words sound, comfort and privacy is the fomula of my project idea.i have created a game room can be used as a home entertainment zone by adults and as a private video arcade for kids.watch your favorite shows or movies in privacy Our space-saving viewing pod accommodates up to three adults and is equipped with video monitors and speakers. You'll never again be interrupted by noise from outside or elsewhere in your house when you're trying to relax with our home entertainment system.   Kids can enjoy their favorite video games without disturbing parents and others in the house with our sound-proof game room and video arcade . is designed to hold your game systems securely and compacted. comes with three video monitors and a speaker system, so you can play your video games with movie-style sound.holds video game systems including Xbox™, Wii™, and PlayStation.Play your games in your own space without getting noise complaints from others in the house. comes with a manual to show you how to install your video game system.   crowd funds: i am reaching out for crowd backers for their support and to help raise the funds to land my project idea goals, the funds will be used wisely for getting my project patent license and to manufacture and market my idea worldwide. any investors who are interested in my project idea is welcome to help us grow.
http://rkthb.co/43317
